Transformations: Show row index as percent in 'Add field from calculation' (#74322)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/index.md

- **Mode -** Select a mode:
  - **Reduce row -** Apply selected calculation on each row of selected fields independently.
  - **Binary option -** Apply basic math operation(sum, multiply, etc) on values in a single row from two selected fields.

>   - **Row Index -** Will insert a field with the row index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Row index -** Inserts a field with the row index.
```

- **Field name -** Select the names of fields you want to use in the calculation for the new field.
- **Calculation -** If you select **Reduce row** mode, then the **Calculation** field appears. Click in the field to see a list of calculation choices you can use to create the new field. For information about available calculations, refer to [Calculation types]({{< relref "../../calculation-types" >}}).
- **Operation -** If you select **Binary option** mode, then the **Operation** fields appear. These fields allow you to do basic math operations on values in a single row from two selected fields. You can also use numerical values for binary operations.

> - **Show percentage -** If you select **Row Index** mode, then the **Show percentage** switch appears. This switch allows you to show the row index as a percentage of the total number of rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Show percentage -** If you select **Row index** mode, then the **Show percentage** switch appears. This switch allows you to show the row index as a percentage of the total number of rows.
```
